Code coverage importing (#89)
software-platform/monorepo: docs/07_code_coverage_artifact_import.md

# CI artifacts import
> Summary of the proposed change

Fetch code coverage data using the CI artifact API.

# References
> Link to supporting documentation, GitHub tickets, etc.

- [Bitrise](https://devcenter.bitrise.io/).
- [Buildkite](https://buildkite.com/docs/tutorials/getting-started).
- [CircleCI](https://circleci.com/docs/).
- [Jenkins](https://jenkins.io/doc/).

# Motivation
> What problem is this project solving?

Automatically collect code coverage metrics from various CI providers and build jobs.

# Goals
> Identify success metrics and measurable goals.

* CI can export coverage metric as an artifact.
* Exported artifacts are accessible via the CI's API.

# Non-Goals
> Identify what's not in scope.

> Implementing code coverage artifact creation is out of scope because that's job specific.

Author: I think this means that the process is affected by all of these points (I'd even say, by a programming language as well).
How about this: 
`because it depends on CI, job, code coverage tool and even programming language.`

However, I don't think we should explain what the `job` means here since the process varies from case to case.

> Implementing code coverage artifact creation is out of scope because that's job specific.

Reviewer: Thanks, I think your suggestion should work.

## Create API Access Token
The authorization is required to communicate with Bitrise API. For this purpose, the user can generate a Personal access token.
1. On Bitrise navigate to your [Account settings](https://www.bitrise.io/me/profile) and click on the [Security tab](https://app.bitrise.io/me/profile#/security).
2. Scroll to the **Personal access token (BETA)** section and press the **Generate new** button.
3. Provide a token description (must be unique) and select expiration duration in the popup. **Save & Continue** to proceed.
4. Next popup will contain the token generated. **Make sure to copy your new personal access token. You won’t be able to see it again!**
5. Use a new token in requests by setting `Authorization: <access token>` header.

For more detailed instructions please see [discussion](https://discuss.bitrise.io/t/personal-access-tokens-beta/1383) and [documentation](https://devcenter.bitrise.io/jp/api/authentication/). 

## Retrieve artifacts via API
Bitrise provides several endpoints to work with builds and artifacts. Here is a list of endpoints you can use to import code coverage artifact:

>  - **GET** `/apps/{app-slug}/builds` responses with a list of builds. Each build contains the `slug` field which stands for an ID of this build. Select the one you want to load code coverage artifact for and proceed to the next endpoint.

Reviewer: Should we add more information about "app-slug"? Where to get it (format, etc...) like in CircleCI?

```yaml
version: 2.1
workflows:
  main:
    jobs:
      - build
jobs:
  build:
    machine:
      image: ubuntu-1604:201903-01
    steps:
      - checkout
      - run:
          name: Creating Code Coverage Artifact
          command: bash coverage.sh
      - run:
          name: Check codecove
          command: ls
      - store_artifacts:
          path: coverage/
```

More information in artifacts storing can be found [here](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/artifacts/). To get more familiar with CircleCI follow this [link](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/about-circleci/#section=welcome).

## Create API Access Token
Some CircleCI endpoints require authorization to communicate with them. CircleCI provides an ability to create a Personal API Token that allows acting through API with no limitations. The following steps may be used to create a new token:
1. Navigate to [Personal API Tokens tab](https://account.circleci.com/tokens) under [User Settings page](https://account.circleci.com/settings/user).
2. Press the **Create New Token** button and type a token name in the popup.

> 3. Proceed by pressing **Add API Token** and copy a new token (make sure to take a copy at this step as token won't be visible again).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Proceed by pressing **Add API Token** and copy a new token (make sure to take a copy of the generated token before moving to the next step as it won't be visible again).
```

  ```text
  {
    // ...
    "path": "coverage/coverage.json",
    "url": "https://.../coverage/coverage.json"
  }
  ```

More information about the `project_slug` parameter can be found [here](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/api-developers-guide/#getting-started-with-the-api). CircleCI API v1.1 (current stable version) [Summary](https://circleci.com/docs/api/#summary-of-api-endpoints) and [Overview](https://circleci.com/docs/api/#api-overview).

# Jenkins

## Deploy artifacts
Jenkins build job can be configured to store generated artifacts as follows:
1. In `Jenkinsfile` go to a stage you want to configure artifacts uploading for.
2. Add the `post` section to the stage.
3. Add `archiveArtifacts` step to the created `post` section with path to file or path pattern (see example below).

```text
pipeline {
    agent any
    stages {
        stage('Build') {
            steps {
                sh 'bash coverage.sh'
            }
            post {
                always {
                    archiveArtifacts 'coverage/*'
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```

> For more information in storing artifacts follow Jenkins [documentation](https://jenkins.io/doc/) and this [tour](https://jenkins.io/doc/pipeline/tour/tests-and-artifacts/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information in storing artifacts follow Jenkins [documentation](https://jenkins.io/doc/) and this [tour](https://jenkins.io/doc/pipeline/tour/tests-and-artifacts/).
```

## Create API Access Token
To access Jenkins's endpoints the authorization is required. You can use your username and password you've registered within an HTTP Basic Auth. For example:
1. Base64 encode username and password string as `username:password`.
2. Pass the result to `Authorization` header as `Authorization: Basic <token>`.

## Retrieve artifacts via API
Here are Jenkins' endpoints to work with builds and artifacts:
- **GET** `{jenkins_url}/api/json` responses with a master node of Jenkins that contains common information and list of jobs (aka Pipelines) available.
  ```text
  {
    // ...
    "jobs": [
      {
        "name": <string>,
        // ...
      },
      // ...
    ]
  }
  ```

>   Alternatively, you can request **GET** `{jenkins_url}/api/json?tree=jobs[name]` to fetch only list of jobs available.

Reviewer: Do "available" means "configured"?

  ```text
  {
    "jobs": [
      {
        "name": <string>
      },
      // ...
    ]
  }
  ```
  Select desired job and proceed to next endpoints using its `name` field.

> - **GET** `{jenkins_url}/job/{job_name}/api/json` responses with a job common information that contains a list of jobs (aka Workflows) available.

Reviewer: We seem to use jobs, workflows, pipelines here interchangeably should we clear it somehow?

## Create API Access Token
The authorization is required to communicate with Buildkit API. Buildkite provides an ability to [manage](https://buildkite.com/docs/apis/managing-api-tokens) API Access Tokens and their scopes within the organization and [user settings](https://buildkite.com/user/api-access-tokens). The following steps may be used to create a new Access Token:
1. Navigate to [user personal settings](https://buildkite.com/user/settings) and click one the [API Access Token tab](https://buildkite.com/user/api-access-tokens).
2. Press the **New API Access Token** button to create a new token.
3. On a token creating form set the Organization Access and desired **REST API Scopes** (for example, importing artifacts requires `read_builds` and `read_artifacts` scopes).
4. Finish token creation by pressing the **Create New API Access Token** button at the bottom of the page.
5. Confirm your password and copy token created, as it won't be visible again.
6. Use a new token in requests by setting `Authorization: Bearer <access token>` header.

## Retrieve artifacts via API
There are several ways to retrieve artifacts using Buildkite API.

> - **GET** `/organizations/{organization_slug}/builds` responses with a list of builds for the organization specified by `organization_slug`. Each build contains a list of jobs (i.e. Step execution) and each job contains a URL you can use to retrieve its artifacts.

Reviewer: @vladlaba can we also add information on how to obtain "organization_slug"?

# Import code coverage from supported CI servers
> Summary of the proposed change

Fetch code coverage data using the CI artifact API.

# References
> Link to supporting documentation, GitHub tickets, etc.

- [Bitrise](https://devcenter.bitrise.io/).
- [Buildkite](https://buildkite.com/docs/tutorials/getting-started).
- [CircleCI](https://circleci.com/docs/).
- [Jenkins](https://jenkins.io/doc/).

# Motivation
> What problem is this project solving?

Automatically collect code coverage metrics from various CI providers and build jobs.

# Goals
> Identify success metrics and measurable goals.

* CI can export coverage metric as an artifact.
* Exported artifacts are accessible via the CI's API.

# Non-Goals
> Identify what's not in scope.

Implementing code coverage artifact creation is out of scope because it depends on CI, job, code coverage tool and even programming language.

# Design
> Explain and diagram the technical design

> `CI` → `Artifacts storage` → `API` → `Metrics app`

Reviewer: I think it's ok as it is. If we split we'll probably have to split "Metrics app" more (Database + Flutter UI or Web UI)
